honey welcome back to ghana papa today's
recipe is dedicated to our little ones
but it's also a basic recipe and
ingredient that can be used in a lot of
other recipes today we're going to
prepare homemade applesauce on the
market at the grocery store you can find
amazing brands of episodes but today you
will see that it's so easy to make
episodes from scratch at home and it is
it's so totally deliciously different
that next time maybe you're going to
prefer it by yourself let's see together
the ingredients SuperDuper easy apples
of course two pounds of peppers today I
use pink a lady at post because they are
my favorites I really love their taste
just a pinch of cinnamon two strips of
lemon because the lemon will make the
apple flavor to pop up it's an amazing
mix between the lemon and the apples and
trust me add the two strips of lemon and
the episodes will be very very yummy
final ingredients 1/2 a cup of water
that's it we really do not need anything
else first thing to do I take our apples
we're going to peel them and cored them
and chop them in small pieces you take
the lemon and you just cut a strip you
turn on the heat at medium
you placed on the flame your small
medium pan and you just place all the
apples in your pan adding the water the
lemon and the pinch of cinnamon it's
just a quarter teaspoon you keep the
flame at low you want the apple to
slowly slowly cook in order to get
tender and usually it takes 20 to 30
minutes you want the four to be easily
inserted in the apples so that you will
see that they won't be cooked let's
check our apples to see if they're cook
see they're ready now let's take a mixer
and we are going to create a nice and
smooth and creamy play with our apples
because our apple sauce basically it's
ready it's done today's recipe homemade
apple sauce is a perfect idea for the
very first baby food that you can offer
to your baby so it's easy it's yummy
it's LT so it's perfect to introduce
your baby to the fantastic world of food
or it can be used as an ingredient for
other recipes check out this video of
homemade baby pancakes with help of
Zoe's we're going to see each other next
week with another recipe from when a
Papa and as always buon appetito